[Music]
Today some very serious news came out for
my taste, yes it is as I have seen above, I am
going to go into more depth
now with you, very serious and very ugly
about digref, okay, it came out in a
media outlet, if I'm not mistaken,
Andorran, if I'm not mistaken, Andorran
is written in Catalan, the news
here Drakov sent me a screenshot
this afternoon of a translation, okay.
And the truth is that it is
very ugly news, I don't know what greev is going to
explain about this, surely
greev will say, youtuber, referring to
Dallas, you haven't held on to the only thing
you could hold on to from me, no. And of course, it
turns out that this is from 3
years ago, but he is coming out now because it came
out in a media outlet, okay,
eh, the news is basically the
following, apparently gref has some
company that he has that is dedicated to
issues of, well, I don't know if exactly
construction or real estate, I think it
is construction more than real estate,
but well, he is the owner of a
company or one of the owners of a
company that at the time buys a
building  of old apartments to
demolish build and obviously
sell when built what is
happening inside that building there is an
apartment where a very old lady lives with
an old rental contract of course an
old rental contract with an
infinite date the lady can leave whenever she
wants which will be never what is
greev doing and his company can't can't
demolish the building because there is
this apartment of this lady They are not throwing her out they cannot throw her out
obviously it is hers
okay there is Killer and what he is doing is
dismantling the entire building except the
apartment of the lady obviously this
means that well there are no doors
in the entrances that there are no windows in
the building the lady frozen there
apparently it is a move it is a move that
I think that I I think that it is a
move that would have an easy solution and I don't
know why they are putting their foot in it so much
because this is very ugly it is very ugly it is
going to do a lot of damage to the image of
gref okay as much as they are in trials
okay they have been going on for 3 years but
apparently the Government is already forcing
gref's society  to cover the portal
the windows and so on and the guy hasn't
done it okay And as much as the mayor
has forced de greev to redo cover or
paper over the windows to prevent the
woman from getting cold society Of course because
realize that the woman is clear
let's see when you are in an
Urbanization or in a building a kiss my
peace darling you could have put something But
thanks for your donation a kiss
gorgeous when you are eh owner
of a home that is within
an Urbanization or or a block of
flats no how surely the
majority live not in a block of flats no I
think that there are more people who live in flats
than in houses today to see the portal
the installations partly yours too, I
mean you can't take eh And desalinate the portal
to a level that the woman gets cold, I
mean, she lives in bad conditions
Because the woman per kilo is an apartment with that
with those conditions in the building it's
a drag okay But look okay the mayor
forces gref to redo cover or paper over the
windows while the lady lives
you have to take and brick  at
least the windows are worth anything
the company gref ito has not done it or
rather the guy the name of the
company is gref ito the guy has named
gfit a company to build
buildings he understands that if the
woman's desire is allowed having to face
for now the works that are requested of her yes
that it is precarious it is a very
high car a car that
the mayor's office does not consider that it is so much but This is
another of the elements that the
affected woman regrets the mayor's office is very quick
to demand that the woman comply with the
resolutions that it dictates against her But
instead he takes it calmly when the
resolutions affect and
the youtuber should comply with them and that day it will be a
year in Lovac street good night
Javi Hello how are you Ovac street on
maps I am going to try to access that house
okay Ovac street I am going to try to
access to see if we see the building
caller de lovac Oh but what is it what is
tarragona Hey what What is Andorra or or
Tarragona because for me the
street appears the street Lovac street appears in
Targona I thought that  It was Andorra
Andorra Andorra I can't find Calle del
Ovac I'm sure it's Andorra Carrer de
Ovac Carrer de Obac let's see, damn, but it's
long, find out what the building is here,
damn, but it's very long, man,
find out what it is, damn. But it would be the, it would be the
best, I don't know if you can
find one for me. Look for one while we continue
talking about the news, it would be the best if
the building was around here, eh? Sure,
but find out which one it is, let's see, find out which one it is, I'm sure if you
take a look
while I continue breaking the news. Is there
a building without windows or something like,
you know, you can find one for me? I don't know if you can take a
look at
any of them while... Hey, why is it
going backwards? I don't know if you can take
a look at any of them while
while we continue commenting on
the news. Damn, but why do they
want to destroy, let's see, the one that's
most abandoned? I don't know,
almost all of them are in good condition. No, of course, there's a
newer one here. I imagine they
want to destroy, knock down to create there, you
know, maybe imagine.  demolish this
or demolish this it's no longer this it's no longer
Here the street begins there it is no longer Which one will it be Which one will it be
Which one will it be you
Which one will it be you Which one will it be the building you me you are in
good condition some better than others
but it's not that they are cl I expected a
building like very much in ruins no Which one will it be
you those images are from 2014 Yes let's see
V more dates that there are already from the 11 but there are
no newer ones the truth is there are no
newer ones the truth is the one from 2014
of course many years have passed 2014 of course maybe
eh Maybe of course Yes yes of course maybe
in a decade it will be super destroyed of
course and but What is
gref supposed to do give it to him what look here it
says anug according to the information in the
article the city council asks that it be
habitable until there is a resolution of
course it has to be habitable
but the move is that notice that I'm going to
see that Dallas has uploaded a video on
the subject I'm going to take a look at
dlas's video okay too but look at
how simple the solution would be
dude  mmm sure on the same street dude
sure on the same street look and I'm going to
be very cold when it comes to saying it
but the thing is that gref would have the money to
give the wife another apartment I mean you'll be on
good terms with the wife everyone will be happy I mean you
give the wife another apartment
dasas shows it in the video the building
Ah dasas shows it okay okay okay I mean
but look you give her a
home you make sure that
the wife has a home and everyone will be
happy the wife with her new home
the family inherits it when the wife is
no longer there and gref is going to earn a
tremendous amount of money than what
the home is going to cost him
I'm sure he can find a
small home or rent the wife a
home in the meantime and I'm sure he'll
still make a profit let's say
profits offensive profits I mean outrageous
profits okay let's see
jokes sillo to the Dallas video
obviously I'm going to skip the
context part Okay and I'm going to put it
here you can see the full video on
the Channel of  Dallas is worth it, so the
rental law was after 89 that
the first law on housing was passed in
Andorra and therefore the contract of this
lady to be inside her house was for
life, it is for life. That is, the lady
can be there until the end of her days. Hey,
the grandmother has been in that house for 35 years,
seeing that she couldn't get
the grandmother out quickly, the youtuber started to
do emptying works on the property,
tearing out windows, leaving the
windows open only leaving the dams at the
bottom of the bottom. And convert what are
the channels that are
against Dallas going to say, the Dallas haters, that
the woman is very old and deserves to go out on the
street or like here, of course, here here, what a
Vanac pirouette to turn against the
building in a freezer the
temperatures reach the point that
the pipes burst and the grandmother is
left without cold or hot water, no
Andorra, Andorra is an icy country. eh,
happy with this, gref, what he has done
with his new property that had a
grandmother in it was to remove
all the light fixtures in the building,
any decoration in the entrance and
even a chair that was her property  of the
grandmother where the poor lady sat
when she came back from shopping and this
part I didn't understand in Catalan it
says the gates to the gacha appeared
marked in groc I don't know if it's
literal that they appeared painted
yellow or if it is or beaten not an
expression for something else I don't know because
the Andorran media uses a
Catalan language with old expressions and the
worst thing he did that we will see in
more depth is that gref and gref has
denied it in court but the truth is
who else would have done it if not one day at
the door of his house the
head of a decapitated doll appeared now
and we will give more about this subject
but the point is very simple if nobody
else saw in the building nobody knew about
this Game of Thrones case and the only one who is
bothered by the existence of the grandmother is
agref more it was going to be that he leaves that garbage the
grandmother's door this was not known
in TR years you how strange eh How strange
that this has not been known in TR year you
if it is not gref himself for God anyway
the grandmother reported the  The police and the
mayor's office have
managed to get Gref to at least fix the pipes and no more of the caped dolls have appeared, but the fact that they appeared the first time is enough, but the lighting is still hanging by a thread. The building is a freezer in an area where
temperatures drop below 0
degrees in Andorra, it generally snows, and it snows in the
Escaldes too. And here it is being considered that
the case, which is more than civil, could become
criminal. I don't know why. Here it is translated as
penal, but anyway, here it refers
to criminal, in other words, a case with jail time. The worst part
is that the courts at least
asked him to carry out the
improvement work, but Gref refused. Now you'll
see why. It's true, disgusting. And
Grandma has been
living in these conditions for four winters. Imagine being
in the autumn of your life at 80 years old, and I
mean, literally, Gref, eh, throwing your
grandmother out of the building. You're literally
accusing me of
throwing away grandparents. If a brat
like Gref comes along and buys your entire building, you do
n't really want to leave.  from your house he
starts harassing you and the point is very
simple gref has money to spare
how much would it cost him to negotiate with this grandmother
to pay for another place for her to move
instead he has money to spare I mean
gref has a lot a lot of money I
mean a lot of millions we have spoken
many times in fact he wouldn't be
impressed Hector a kiss with with with a
lot of money I mean you have to
pay him a lot I mean how much does he charge me I
know that housing in Andorra is expensive I don't know I do
n't know what this area is like
honestly but maybe renting a
small apartment a small apartment I don't
know if someone can tell me a figure but
an apartment with the same conditions a
little better than the woman's so that
the woman feels happy okay I don't know
how much it could cost him Compared to the
millions that he would get by already demolishing
that and selling a lot of apartments and
the businesses that are there maybe she does
n't want to sell and that's it but if
she is renting Money is not hers
If you want to pass because the woman has an
old rental contract and she stays the
whole  life but that happens a lot eh here
in Spain I've seen many cases of
that of people who have the
old rental contract that is for life it's
forever and maybe they are paying 30 and
the landlord wants to throw them out because of course 30
of 50 years ago is not the 30 of today I
mean there are many people there are many people who
now have old
rental contracts many older people who maybe have been
renting for 60 years 40
years surely with all the
people who are watching me I'm sure there is
someone who knows of some case where they
rented the apartment
50 years ago and they live their whole life renting
Of course back in the day they paid 30 40 of course the
old rent which was 30 40 before Well maybe it
was a lot of money I remember I do
n't know if it was my grandmother I don't know if it was my
grandmother a neighbor of my grandmother who
paid 1 of mortgage eh or less than 1 euro
of mortgage eh And she finished paying him
shortly before she died I don't remember if it
was a neighbor or something and of course
the money has changed And then  Of
course, since you have a
lifetime contract that you pay 20 or 30 euros, whatever, well, of
course, now the tenant says that
I'm charging 20 or 30 when I'm renting it here.
Maybe it's worth 500, but you can't
kick her out, you can't kick her out, you know, and
this is the same thing, the woman is renting, she
will be paying whatever she was in the past and they have to
wait for the woman to
no longer want to live there or to leave. The
guy couldn't care less about having this
building idle for 4 years, 4 years without any
movement, as long as he can
make the last moments of
Grandma's life as miserable as possible.
By the way, these photos are taken from
court documents. If you look here it
says doc number 12, it's clearly a
photo of the court documents that have been
leaked to the press. Grandma hasn't
bothered to go to the press.
This has been leaked to the press in some other
way, I don't know what, and the only photos
that exist are from the outside of the building and
basically, it talks about how this is
indecent, how Grandma is being mistreated,
blah blah blah. Now, let's get into
it first. Ah  be filtering
some relative surely or so there
are two parts in a procedure here you know
Javi 1000 of 50 m cua 1000 euros Let's see
excuse me for saying how old is
the woman supposed to be I've heard 80
years old somewhere or I've
imagined it I don't know if I've heard that you're 80
years old the woman 80 No I don't know where I
heard it but it appeared to me
somewhere to see it today man 80 80 years old an
80 year old woman okay let's imagine I hope she
reaches 100 but you'll see I hope I hope
more than 100 but nature is what it
is let's not imagine 80 let's imagine 20
years not that the lady lasts 20 years
still a healthy woman and that she
stays like Jennifer Annington Okay
so we're talking 20 years for 12
months Wait I'm doing 20
years for 12 months we're talking about
240 months we're talking about that for gref
providing a rental apartment for this
lady could cost him if the  lady
reaches 100 years old
240,000 an amount that is surely
ridiculous and you don't have to wait
20 years Okay and what are you going to get for
that apartment when you sell it in the new
construction imagine Maybe what
the building does to have what
40 or 50 homes and that each home
sells for 300,000 man no man and
the premises that are rented I mean it doesn't make
sense spend 1000 a month your
company spends 1000 euros a month that on
top of it can probably be included
Even as an expense and you take the wife
and put it on it doesn't make sense it has
a super easy fix and it looks divine man it
has a super easy fix and it would look
[ __ ] great man and he's getting into
a legal mess waiting for the
lady to die Maybe the lady
lasts 10 years man maybe she lasts five
not in the matter of the contract if you have
a contract that was applicable to the law
at the time in which it was applicable  what you
were doing is what there is you
did things correctly at the
time you did them And your
rights are maintained over
time because you did it correctly
but once gref threw my grandmother
crying loudly there is a video of Lali
with the complaint from tudor that Ricky forced her
to take him away from her
smiling face I am looking forward to seeing the opinion
of some channels on this but more than
anything for laughs the moment in which you
did it in this case the grandmother made a
contract in the year 89 that people in
89 did not have computers or printers
on a regular basis and even less in Andorra
which was a poor country governed by
feudal lords until the year 93 and it
was not until it became a
tax haven that then
rich people like gref began to enter with which
the moment in which that lady made a
lifetime contract it was legal to do so
now gref can't magically say Oh
yes Well I'm going to make your life impossible
until you leave my current property
and in any case gref should face
the person who sold it to him for not
warning him that  this grandma was
living here with a lifetime contract
but if you still want grandma to leave
you have money to spare buddy you have money to
spare you travel in a [ __ ]
private jet you're such a clown that you travel in a
private jet from Andorra to Madrid
to do your stupid events
gref doesn't give a damn about money gref
has a lot a lot a lot a
lot of money look at what we
know the numbers they handle the
internet Okay but you don't know how many
companies the youtubers have I mean we're
talking about this being in court for
3 years it's been in court for 3 years
this lady with this youtuber with this
company has a
construction company dude I mean imagine all the
companies and all the big things they have
and you don't know dude Willy had to know
yeah Oh yeah Oh sure Sure sure
sure
he wants to pay 20,000 minimum or 60,000
maximum for a 2 hour trip to
take a private jet from Andorra
to Madrid I don't know how much he paid
exactly but I do know that he took that
private jet at least once at
least all because the young man didn't  I
felt like catching a train that takes an
extra hour, an extra hour are you going to tell me that you ca
n't pay that
private money to the old lady so that she can leave and that's it
and go in peace and enjoy her
last years of life in peace that you have to
make life impossible clown maybe the
maybe you
can make an agreement with her in which
everyone is super happy dude Maybe you
can make an agreement with her in
which she is super happy because you
give her a house you know what a disgusting guy he
is like a caricature of
himself it is really incredible he does not give
a [ __ ] about getting his followers into
scams with the japs who does not want some
if I was looking for it even I valued
at 200 in scams it is equally valid as a
9 in Andorra airpods I give you my most
sincere congratulations because you have
held on to the only thing you could hold on to
Wow are you seeing this face look at
the other day dude I
said gr he screwed up he doesn't have many
things he screwed up things about his age
and things like that I say but it doesn't
seem bad to me  person here I already doubt it
Eh This is what was after the sigo
luare This is what was after the
sigo totally
[Music]
king